Screenshot updates - Rachel - Day 2 (#9525)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/overview/multiple_subscription_groups.md

You can add up to 10 WhatsApp Business accounts per workspace. To add an account:

> 1. Go **Technology Partners** > **WhatsApp** and select **Add WhatsApp Business Account**. <br><br>![WhatsApp Messaging Integration section with options to add a business account or add a subscription group and number.][1]<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go **Technology Partners** > **WhatsApp** and select **Add WhatsApp Business Account**. 

![WhatsApp Messaging Integration section with options to add a business account or add a subscription group and number.][1]

{: start="2"}

```

You can add up to 20 subscription groups (and sending phone numbers) per WhatsApp Business account. To add a subscription group and phone number:

> 1. Go to **Technology Partners** > **WhatsApp** and select **Add Subscription Group and Number**.<br><br>![WhatsApp Messaging Integration section with options to add a business account or add a subscription group and number.][1]<br><br>

Reviewer: Rather than adding line breaks like this, we can use the `{: start="2"}` tag to reset the numbered list item. 

```suggestion
1. Go to **Technology Partners** > **WhatsApp** and select **Add Subscription Group and Number**.

![WhatsApp Messaging Integration section with options to add a business account or add a subscription group and number.][1]

{: start="2"}

```
